---
layout: portfolio
title: Human Computer Interaction Coursework
link: https://github.com/GreigHuth/Human-Computer-Interaction-Coursework
tags: 
---

### Overview:

Human Computer Interaction was a university course i took in my final year.

 <a href="https://www.figma.com/proto/gnzwCIqXEpHYIDTeVHzR8D/HCI-Coursework-1?type=design&node-id=2-47&t=OAyQeFsLzCZhRmyD-1&scaling=min-zoom&page-id=0%3A1"> Figma Mockup of redesign</a>

The coursework was a 4 person group project and tasked us with redesigning the universitys own "Learn Blackboard" course management system. It was heavily critisised by students so it was fun and interesting to have a go at "fixing" it.  This coursework had 3 main components, assessing the existing design and then coming up with ideals and finally a mockup of a potential redesign. The second part involved us taking another groups mockup and doing and analysing thier redesign, comparing it to the usability heuristics learned in the course to evaluate it in terms of ambiguity, inconsistency etc. After this I then conducted a task design study in which students were invited to join an online call where I gave them specific tasks to complete based of our prior analysis. I used both quantitative and qualitative analysis methods to measure the results of our participants. I measured the time it took to complete each task, and asked the participants questions about the tasks to get an idea of thier thought processes and how they were interacting with the mockup. After we completed the evaluation, we then individually took what we learned from from the anaylsis we did, and the feedback done on our original mockup and then attempted to refine the original design.
